Previously on "Transformers Prime"...
It is paramount that we recover
the final four Iacon relics ...
the Omega keys.
- Keys?
- To what?
The regeneration of our home planet.
A tomb. One known to contain
the remains of Primes.
At long last, the power of the
Primes belongs to me!
Four sets of coordinates from
Alpha Trion remain encrypted.
It is logical to conclude
that each corresponds
to the location of
one of the Omega keys.
My first creation, fashioned
from the very blood of Unicron.
I call it the Dark Star Saber.
The relic now!
Oh, you mean this?
Finders keepers.
2x22 - Hard Knocks
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You should have seen
Optimus Prime's face when his
precious Star Saber
shattered like glass and, with it
his dreams of an Autobot victory.
Granted, Optimus will be more
determined than ever to discover
the locations of the remaining
Iacon entries before we can.
Ah, very good.
I see you have decoded the next
set of coordinates.
Way to step things up,
Soundwave.
I do hope this Iacon relic is
something less sacred and more
profane, like an
electro-disruptor cannon.
- We could use one of those.
- Indeed, Knockout.
Dreadwing, report to the bridge
immediately.
Please, lord Megatron, allow me the
honor of retrieving this relic for you.
I'm surprised you would risk your
finish so soon after your accident.
Nonetheless, I remain
unconvinced that you are the best
choice for the task since you
failed to secure the phase shifter.
I lacked the proper tools.
But since Soundwave's currently
occupied, I can't imagine he'll
mind if I borrow this...
So that I might better secure your prize
and heap some hurt on the Autobots.
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
I'm gonna be a great warrior
someday, like Optimus.
Well, train hard and gain some wisdom
along the way, and I'm sure it'll happen.
Oh, it will.
It's my destiny.
How so?
Well, one minute I'm on
security detail at Iacon.
I mean, what are the chances, right?
Things happen for a reason.
We get it, Smokescreen.
You're special.
We're lucky to have you.
All I'm really saying is,
I've come a long way, and this
is one opportunity I don't plan
on messing up.
Autobots, the next Iacon
coordinates have been decoded.
Ratchet, ready the ground bridge.
Last one to the Omega key has to
scrub the Energon tanks for a week.
Didn't know we were keeping score.
Arcee, Bumblebee, prepare to roll out.
Wait. What about me?
I mean me and Bulkhead.
The two of you will remain
here in the event i'm able
to decode a subsequent database
entry before the others return.
Optimus is right.
Considering the very fate of
Cybertron is at stake,
response time is critical.
Keep your engines idling, kid.
Come on, Bee.
Destiny awaits.
We call it a pit stop.
We'll get back in the race.
Over there.
Well, well, just the
Autobots I wanted to see.
I'll handle the mad doctor.
You grab the key.
I've been waiting to thank
you both for all the memories.
Who knew that sound waves
could be such a.... Knockout?
What's that, dear?
I can't hear you!
Bee, the relic!
Scrap.
How low can it go?
Subwoofer or depth charge?
Scrap.
It appears identical to the one
taken from me by Optimus Prime.
Ah.
Perhaps it is a decoy the Autobots
allowed you to seize
as a means of sabotage.
Unlikely, my liege. They
battled too desperately for it.
Then pieces of a larger
puzzle, perhaps.
Excellent, Soundwave.
With any luck, these new
coordinates will shed
some light on the subject.
Soundwave's on fire.
And so I am.
Keep your vanity in check, doctor.
Haven't I proven myself?!
Your scientific expertise
remains of greater use to me
analyzing our latest acquisition.
I must know what this
relic is and what it can do.
I'm sorry, Optimus.
Knockout was there, waiting for us.
Seems the 'Cons are improving
their decoding skills.
And it seems that, with two
keys already separated, no one
currently possesses the
means to revive Cybertron.
While our quest to restore our
planet may have reached a stalemate,
securing the remaining keys is still
the most prudent course of action.
Man, it must have been crazy
with Knockout going all sonic.
Oh, I wish I'd been there.
I would have ...
Would have what?
Recovered the key like
you did the first one?
Maybe. Who knows?
I just want us to be firing on
all cylinders, you know, now
that the Star Saber's gone.
And I have a pretty
good track record so far.
Look, kid, Arcee and
Bumblebee are no slouches, and
Optimus managed just fine for
eons without the big sword.
Of course, you wouldn't know about that.
And you've been locked in stasis the
whole time we've been fighting this war.
Exactly, and I'm ready to
make up for lost time.
When Optimus says you're ready.
You got to be in this for the long haul.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Hurry up, already!
How is it possible that
speed-enhancing Energon takes
longer to process than regular Energon?!
An entire chunk of Red Energon,
and this is all I get?!
There's enough here for one
dose, maybe two!
Mmm. Decepticon movement.
While speed is hardly a suitable
replacement for the might of the
Apex armor, it should provide me
with enough of an edge to obtain
a more formidable relic.
The next coordinates are ready.
There remains one set left to decode.
On it, boss.
I'm gonna bring
back that key. Yeah ...
Uh, Bulk?
Forgetting something?
Make sure you keep an eye
on destiny's child, okay?
Compared to watching Miko,
piece of cake.
Stick close.
And stay focused.
- Gotcha!
- I mean it.
- Me too.
- Shh.
What is that?
One of the last sounds
that you will ever hear.
Dreadwing.
We got to get out of here now!
Smoke, I'll handle Dreadwing.
Go get the relic.
You got it.
You love doing your dirty
work from a distance, don't you?
Too bad you don't have the ball
bearings to fight up close and personal.
In this particular case, I will be
all too happy to make an exception.
An admirable effort, but you obviously
forgot how our last encounter ended.
No, I didn't.
Smoke, I'm on my way.
Destiny.
Smokescreen!
Wake up!
Wh-what happened?
That's what I want to know.
The Omega key.
I had it until
something hit me from behind.
Dreadwing must have had
backup.
That relic's long gone.
Ratchet, we need a bridge.
I-I told Optimus I'd return
with that key.
Listen, kid, Alpha
Trion said we need all
four keys to restore
Cybertron, remember?
We just need to hang on
to the one we have
and find a way to get the
others back from Megatron.
The promise of a new Cybertron
in the palm of my hand...
when I obtain all four.
Smokescreen was
sucker-punched.
Could have happened to any of us.
But it didn't, because I was
the one who dropped his guard.
I was the one who blew it. Some
great warrior I'm turning out to be.
You still don't get it, do you?
A couple of victories aren't
gonna make you a legend.
And not every mission results
in success, not for me, not for
Bee, not even for Optimus.
We've gained relics,
and we've lost some.
We've also lost friends.
We've even lost a world.
But this is one time we get a do-over.
We have a chance to bring back
Cybertron, and everyone in this
room needs to be in sync.
This isn't about you or your destiny.
- Arcee, you have made your point.
- Optimus, he needs to hear this.
You might actually become a
great warrior one day, and I
sincerely hope that you do.
But greatness begins and ends
with putting the team first,
not your personal scorecard.
There's nothing I
wouldn't do for you guys.
Then stop trying to be a hero
and start being an Autobot.
You know what?
Maybe I'm just not good enough.
Next time Optimus advises you
to stop, perhaps you should listen.
I'll bring him back.
Smokescreen is young,
Bulkhead, and has much to learn,
but right now he needs
to clear his thoughts.
And I need to finish decoding
the final Iacon entry.
You never even spied the relic?!
By the time I reached the location,
it was gone, as were the Autobots.
It would serve us well to not only decode
the final Iacon entry before Optimus
Prime does, but to recapture those
relics currently held by the Autobots.
Soundwave.
Despite your primary task,
I trust that you have been making
progress pinpointing the
location of their base.
Good.
Given the recent accumulation of
evidence, we possess a clearer
idea of where their human
colleagues reside.
And Laserbeak should soon determine
whether the Autobots dwell in proximity.
Ah. The final
entry has been decoded.
Has it?
Perhaps it's a layer of
secondary encryption.
The coordinates are forming
an image.
Why would the final Iacon entry
be different from the others?
Maybe it's a picture of the relic.
Of what possible use could that
be to us without knowing its location?
I trust that Alpha
Trion has his reasons.
Smokescreen?
Prime's latest recruit is
the final relic of Iacon?
Is this that hotshot's idea of a joke?
- Maybe he knows where the key is.
- And never bothered to mention it?
A more likely possibility is
that Smokescreen himself somehow
is the key, without knowing it.
Whatever the case, he
could be in grave danger.
Smokescreen, return to base immediately.
He may have deactivated his comm link.
Locate his position and
prepare the ground bridge.
It seems our side project
is already paying off.
You picked the wrong
day to mess with me, 'Con.
Smokescreen.
No!
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org